.TH "avalon_sdk.connector.interfaces.work_order_proxy.WorkOrderProxy" 3 "Wed May 6 2020" "Version 0.5.0.dev1" "Hyperledger Avalon" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
avalon_sdk.connector.interfaces.work_order_proxy.WorkOrderProxy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBavalon_sdk\&.connector\&.interfaces\&.work_order\&.WorkOrder\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBencryption_key_start\fP (self, tag, id=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwork_order_complete\fP (self, work_order_id, work_order_response)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
This class is an abstract base class that contains
abstract APIs to manage work orders.
This interface is going to be used by proxy model.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.interfaces\&.work_order_proxy\&.WorkOrderProxy\&.encryption_key_start ( self,  tag,  id = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Inform the Worker that it should start
encryption key generation for this requester.
This API is for the proxy model.

Parameters:
tag       is an optional parameter.
  If it is zero, the transaction sender's address
  is used as a tag
id        Optional JSON RPC request ID

Returns:
0 on success, otherwise an error code.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.interfaces\&.work_order_proxy\&.WorkOrderProxy\&.work_order_complete ( self,  work_order_id,  work_order_response)"

.PP
.nf
This function is called by the Worker Service to
complete a Work Order successfully or in error.
This API is for the proxy model.

Parameters:
work_order_id       Unique ID to identify the work order request
work_order_response Work order response data in a string

Returns:
errorCode           0 on success or non-zero on error.

.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Hyperledger Avalon from the source code\&.
