.TH "avalon_sdk.connector.blockchains.fabric.fabric_worker_registry_list.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl" 3 "Wed May 6 2020" "Version 0.5.0.dev1" "Hyperledger Avalon" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
avalon_sdk.connector.blockchains.fabric.fabric_worker_registry_list.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits WorkerRegistryList\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregistry_lookup\fP (self, app_type_id=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregistry_retrieve\fP (self, org_id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregistry_lookup_next\fP (self, app_type_id, lookup_tag)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregistry_add\fP (self, org_id, uri, sc_addr, app_type_ids)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregistry_update\fP (self, org_id, uri, sc_addr, app_type_ids)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBregistry_set_status\fP (self, org_id, status)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCHAIN_CODE\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
This class provide APIs to read/write registry entries of workers,
which is stored in the Hyperledger Fabric blockchain.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_worker_registry_list\&.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl\&.__init__ ( self,  config)"

.PP
.nf
Parameters:
config    Dictionary containing Fabric-specific parameters.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_worker_registry_list\&.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl\&.registry_add ( self,  org_id,  uri,  sc_addr,  app_type_ids)"

.PP
.nf
Add a new registry.

Parameters:
org_id       bytes[] identifies organization that hosts the
     registry, e.g. a bank in the consortium or an
     anonymous entity
uri          String defining a URI for this registry that
     supports the Off-Chain Worker Registry
     JSON RPC API
sc_addr      bytes[] defines a Fabric chain code name that
     runs the Worker Registry Smart Contract API
     smart contract for this registry
app_type_ids []bytes[] is an optional parameter that defines
     application types supported by the worker
     managed by the registry

Returns:
Transaction receipt on success or None on error.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_worker_registry_list\&.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl\&.registry_lookup ( self,  app_type_id = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Registry Lookup identified by application type ID

Parameters:
app_type_id  Application type ID to lookup in the registry

Returns:
Tuple containing totalCount, lookupTag, and ids on success:
totalCount Total number of entries matching a specified lookup
   criteria. If this number is larger than the size of the
   ids array, the caller should use the lookupTag to call
   registry_lookup_next to retrieve the rest of the IDs
lookupTag  Optional parameter. If it is returned, it means that
   there are more matching registry IDs that can be
   retrieved by calling the function registry_lookup_next
   with this tag as an input parameter.
ids        Array of the registry organization ids that match the
   input parameters.

Returns None on error.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_worker_registry_list\&.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl\&.registry_lookup_next ( self,  app_type_id,  lookup_tag)"

.PP
.nf
Get additional registry lookup results.
This function is called to retrieve additional results of the
Registry lookup initiated by the registry_lookup call.

Parameters:
app_type_id    Application type ID that has to be
       supported by the workers retrieved
lookup_tag     Returned by a previous call to either this function
       or to registry_lookup

Returns:
Outputs a tuple on success containing the following:
total_count    Total number of entries matching the lookup
       criteria. If this number is larger than the number
       of IDs returned so far, the caller should use
       lookup_tag to call registry_lookup_next to
       retrieve the rest of the IDs
new_lookup_tag is an optional parameter. If it is returned, it means
       that there are more matching registry IDs that can be
       retrieved by calling this function again with this tag
       as an input parameter
ids            Array of the registry IDs that match the input
       parameters

Returns None on error.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_worker_registry_list\&.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl\&.registry_retrieve ( self,  org_id)"

.PP
.nf
Retrieve registry information identified by the organization ID.

Parameters:
org_id                Organization ID to lookup

Returns:
Tuple containing following on success:
uri                  String defines a URI for this registry that
             supports the Off-Chain Worker Registry JSON RPC
             API. It will be None for the proxy model
sc_addr              Fabric address for worker registry
             smart contract address
application_type_ids List of application ids (array of byte[])
status               Status of the registry

Returns None on error.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_worker_registry_list\&.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl\&.registry_set_status ( self,  org_id,  status)"

.PP
.nf
Set registry status.

Parameters:
org_id  bytes[] identifies organization that hosts the
registry, e.g. a bank in the consortium or an
anonymous entity
status  Defines the registry status to set.
The currently defined values are:
1 - the registry is active
2 - the registry is temporarily "off-line"
3 - the registry is decommissioned

Returns:
Transaction receipt on success or None on error.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_worker_registry_list\&.FabricWorkerRegistryListImpl\&.registry_update ( self,  org_id,  uri,  sc_addr,  app_type_ids)"

.PP
.nf
Update a registry.

Parameters:
org_id       bytes[] identifies organization that hosts the
     registry, e.g. a bank in the consortium or an
     anonymous entity
uri          string that defines a URI for this registry that
     supports the Off-Chain Worker Registry
     JSON RPC API
sc_addr      bytes[] defines a Fabric chain code name that
     runs the Worker Registry Smart Contract API
     smart contract for this registry
app_type_ids []bytes[] is an optional parameter that defines
     application types supported by the worker
     managed by the registry

Returns:
Transaction receipt on success or None on error.

.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Hyperledger Avalon from the source code\&.
