.TH "avalon_sdk.connector.blockchains.fabric.fabric_wrapper.FabricWrapper" 3 "Wed May 6 2020" "Version 0.5.0.dev1" "Hyperledger Avalon" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
avalon_sdk.connector.blockchains.fabric.fabric_wrapper.FabricWrapper
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinvoke_chaincode\fP (self, chaincode_name, method_name, params)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_event_handler\fP (self, event_name, chain_code, handler_func)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Fabric wrapper class to interact with Fabric blockchain.
It provides wrapper functions to invoke and query chain code.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_wrapper\&.FabricWrapper\&.__init__ ( self,  config)"

.PP
.nf
Constructor to initialize wrapper with required parameter.

Parameters:
config    Dictionary containing parameters for Fabric.
  These parameters are read from a .toml file

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_wrapper\&.FabricWrapper\&.get_event_handler ( self,  event_name,  chain_code,  handler_func)"

.PP
.nf
Create event handler object.

Parameters:
event_name   String to identify the event name
chain_code   Chain code name as string
handler_func Callback function name

Returns:
Event object

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.blockchains\&.fabric\&.fabric_wrapper\&.FabricWrapper\&.invoke_chaincode ( self,  chaincode_name,  method_name,  params)"

.PP
.nf
This is wrapper method to invoke chain code.

Parameters:
chaincode_name Name of the chain code
method_name    Chain code method name
params         List of arguments to method

Returns:
If the call to chain code query, then it
returns the payload of the chain code response
on success or None on error.
If the call is invoking chain code, then it
returns ContractResponse.SUCCESS on success
and ContractResponse.ERROR on failure.

.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Hyperledger Avalon from the source code\&.
