.TH "avalon_sdk.connector.direct.avalon_direct_client.AvalonDirectClient" 3 "Wed May 6 2020" "Version 0.5.0.dev1" "Hyperledger Avalon" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
avalon_sdk.connector.direct.avalon_direct_client.AvalonDirectClient
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, config_file=None, config=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_worker_registry_list_instance\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_worker_registry_instance\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_work_order_instance\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_work_order_receipt_instance\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
This is class for the direct JSON RPC API client.
It is used in the direct model.
1. Worker registry list interacts with the blockchain; it is optional.
2. Worker registry interacts with the JSON RPC listener.
3. Work order interacts with the JSON RPC listener.
4. Work order receipt interacts with the JSON RPC listener.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.direct\&.avalon_direct_client\&.AvalonDirectClient\&.__init__ ( self,  config_file = \fCNone\fP,  config = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Parameters:
config_file Optional configuration file path as a string
config      Optional dictionary loaded from config_file

Either one of config_file or config needs to be passed.
If both are passed, then config takes precedence.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.direct\&.avalon_direct_client\&.AvalonDirectClient\&.get_work_order_instance ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Return the worker's instance of the work order.
The work order interacts with the JSON RPC listener.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.direct\&.avalon_direct_client\&.AvalonDirectClient\&.get_work_order_receipt_instance ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Return the worker's instance of the work order receipt.
The work order receipt interacts with the JSON RPC listener.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.direct\&.avalon_direct_client\&.AvalonDirectClient\&.get_worker_registry_instance ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Return the worker's instance of the registry.
The registry interacts with the JSON RPC listener.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def avalon_sdk\&.connector\&.direct\&.avalon_direct_client\&.AvalonDirectClient\&.get_worker_registry_list_instance ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Return the worker's instance of the registry list.
This list is optional and interacts with the blockchain.

.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Hyperledger Avalon from the source code\&.
